# Quantexa Flight Data Assignment 

Specification by Quantexa 

Solution by Manish Khilari 

Date: 22 May 2022 

--- 

## Introduction 

Welcome to Flight Data. 

Solution details and setup instructions can be found below. 

## Scala Solution 

A Scala solution can be found at the following location. 

> FlightData.scala 

The Scala solution is written in a functional style. 

Developed with Visual Studio Code `1.55.0` and Scala code runner `3.1.2`. 

## Java Solution 

A Java solution can also be found at 

> FlightData.java 

The Java solution is written in an object oriented style. 

Developed with Visual Studio Code `1.55.0` and Java code runner `16.0.1`. 

## Setup Instructions 

1. Install the latest version of Scala. Installation instructions can be found at [Scala Documentation: Getting Started](https://docs.scala-lang.org/getting-started/index.html). 

2. Ensure that the following input files are within the same folder as the solution. These input files are required by both the Scala and Java solutions. 

- > flightData.csv 
- > passengers.csv 

3. Run the following command. 

- > scala FlightData.scala 

4. Confirm that the following output files have been generated within the same folder as the solution. 

- > scalaQuestion1.csv 
- > scalaQuestion2.csv 
- > scalaQuestion3.csv 
- > scalaQuestion4.csv 

## Answers 

Answers can be generated by following the setup instructions above. 

Answers can also be found in the following folder. 

> FlightDataAnswers 

## VCS 

VCS files can be found in the following folder. 

> .git 